Total chunks: 8

--- Chunk 1 (Section: faq) ---
Q: How to Invest in HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth?
A: You can easily invest in HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth in a hassle-free manner on Groww. The
        process is extremely simple, quick and completely paperless. Invest in a few minutes with the following steps:Log on to your Groww accountSearch for HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth from the search boxIn order to invest, you will have to complete all the KYC formalities which are completely online and paperless
        and take a few minutes to completeOnce you are done with that, you can start investing in HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth as SIP or lumpsum as per your
        investment objective and risk tolerance

--- Chunk 2 (Section: faq) ---
Q: What kind of returns does HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth provide?
A: The HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth has been there from 01 Jan 2013 and the average annual returns provided by this fund is 20.28% since its inception.

--- Chunk 3 (Section: faq) ---
Q: How much expense ratio is charged by HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth?
A: The termExpense Ratioused for HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth or any other mutual fund is the annual
        charges one needs to pay to the Mutual Fund company for managing your investments in that fund.The Expense Ratio of HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth is 0.75% as of 28 Jun 2026...

--- Chunk 4 (Section: faq) ---
Q: What is the AUM of HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth?
A: The AUM, short forAssets Under Managementof HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth is ₹97,350.48Cr as of 28 Jun 2026.

--- Chunk 5 (Section: faq) ---
Q: How to Redeem HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth?
A: If you want to sell your HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth holdings, go to your holding on the app or
        web and simply click on it. You will get two options - redeem & invest more; click on redeem and enter your
        desired amount or if you wish to redeem the entire holding amount then select the 'redeem all' checkbox.

...

--- Chunk 6 (Section: faq) ---
Q: Can I invest in SIP and Lump Sum of HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth?
A: You can select eitherSIPorLumpsuminvestment of HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth based on
        your investment objective and risk tolerance.

--- Chunk 7 (Section: faq) ---
Q: What is the NAV of HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth?
A: The NAV of HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth is ₹226.92 as of 25 Jun 2026.

--- Chunk 8 (Section: faq) ---
Q: What is the PE and PB ratio of HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth?
A: ThePE ratioratio of HDFC Mid Cap Fund Direct Growth is determined by dividing the market price by
        its earnings per share and thePB ratioof the same is evaluated by dividing the stock price per share by its book value
        per share (BVPS).
